it's Ruby and today I'll be showing you
a room tour because it was very highly
requested so this is the door to my
bedroom and on the door I just have my
hybrid and the Deathly Hallows Part 1
premiere ticket because I am obsessed
with it and I'm so thankful that I got
to go so I open on my door so here is a
brief overview of my bedroom so on the
back of my door I have my Victorian
nightgown my dressing-gown and looking
white hat from this wall I have a poster
of Hermione Granger in the fast film and
then down here I have my American Girl
kid kittredges and school desk so that's
what it looks like on the inside and
then on top I have three Roald Dahl
books I have a tilde and then the Shrek
two short stories and then I have this
jelly cap rabbit and then down here I
keep my my degree enjoy film artifact
box
it's my bedside table so here I have the
stylized a card that my dad gave to me
and then behind that I have a Hagaru
then I have this vital tower figurine
and a perfume on this slide I have my
Hogwarts and train ticket framed to
pillow mists and the candle holder and
then at the front I have my awesome
Gryffindor mug and in the first drawer I
have notepads and this is just random
stuff and bookmarks all back here and
then in the bottom drawer it's primarily
notebooks again my wardrobe and if you
open the first door I just have a few
compartments so um here I keep my
gymnastics leotards and my cement
costumes and beach cover-ups so in the
second kind of compartment I have a
bunch of random things so at the back I
keep my favorite perfumes and then I
have my Polaroid camera and then down
here I have long trousers and at the
bottom I keep dramas slippers and fluffy
socks so this is the main bit of my
wardrobe so here I just keep all of my
kind of dress
is and smart shirts and blazers then
back here which if you can see that I
have lots of jumpers and I have hair
brushes here in this basket I keep bags
and makeup bags and passes and then I
have in this little I have my American
Girl doll clothes and I keep watching
them here hair bands in here and then I
compete back here then this is probably
my favorite shaft my wardrobe because
this is my Hawaii Granger shelf so I
have some nice Nordic style jumpers here
because obviously it's a lot of money
wise in the facet to films and at the
back I have my Hogwarts cloak then here
I have smart t-shirts they're just long
sleeves plain t-shirts and at the back I
have small small skirts and small shorts
then I am I am wearing two wand and I
have my Cruikshank's soft toy then I
have the high water badges and this is
the whole of my Hogwarts uniform back
here and then lastly I just have my hair
color here for when I want to dress up
as Hermione then on the bottom I have a
lot of things really I'm just going to
very briefly say I've got candles here
then I've got some body mists back there
and there's some lotions and lip balms
and here more lip balms here have fun at
Isis hair bows and scrunchies hair clips
and headbands it inside this wardrobe
door I have this really cool thing that
my friend made for me so thank you Jordi
if you're watching this and then I have
my calendar here which is like back then
lastly up here I keep school uniform
here I have skirts of lots of skirts
then down here I have shorts and I also
have berries back here then here I keep
t-shirts at the back and long-sleeved
tops at the front and then at the bottom
I have smart tops so then on this will I
have a calendar
but we took on Christmas Eve then here I
have my television then over here I have
my desk which is where I spend most of
the time in my bedroom
down here I have my PlayStation and this
sawn-off system thing then I have my
phone here which is charging then down
here I keep some pencils with ten pots
and I also have my planner then here I
have a vastly important a square paper
pad and then I have my school planner
and I have my computer I have a pot of
French sweets that my sister bought me
and I also have a lip balm then this is
my pencil case and in here I keep letter
writing supplies paper and envelopes
then I have this print that came with my
honey tree box because I really like it
and then I have a stress relief
advertiser and a study Neal's Yard
remedy and I have note cards and ink and
this wax burner then I have my feather
quills and this is our names have
another federal oil analyst is my
Hogwarts one and then I have this
Matilda musical stationery set and on
this side I have this painting that my
friend Ellen got me for my birthday then
I have a Shakespeare timeline ruler and
a school whiteboard but window I have a
no-face window decal and I have this
sign that my friend Hattie got on my
other windowsill
I have this painting that my mom's
friend painted to me and it's of me as
Matilda and then I have this little
Hermione Granger de Greene then I have
this sign that my friend Georgie got for
me and I have two trophies that I won
last year once the leadership and one
for house point and I also have some
matches and I have my tripod back here
and I have my bookshelf but I'm not
going to in very much depth because I've
already filmed the bookshelf tour then
down here I have my American Girl doll
last year I have my bed so up here I
have a willow tree painting and I also
have this poster that says it's ready o
saw not Leviosa
then um so I have my bed as you can see
and I put this really lovely soft throw
and then I've got my two favorite soft
boys